Remove references to `create-wpt` and clean up WPT documentation (#61)
servo/book: src/hacking/testing.md

In this case you can run only these tests with `./mach test-wpt WebCryptoAPI`, followed by `./mach update-wpt` as described above.
To ensure that other tests didn't break, do a [try run](#running-tests-on-your-github-fork) afterwards.

## Modifying Web Platform Tests

Please see the Web Platform Test [Writing Tests guide](https://web-platform-tests.org/writing-tests/index.html) for how to write tests. In general, a good way to start is to follow these steps:

1. Find the directory that tests the feature you want to test.
2. Find a test in that directory that tests a similar behavior, make a copy of the test with an appropriate name, and make your modifications.
3. If the test is a reference test, you should also copy the reference if it needs to change, following the naming pattern of the directory you are modifying.
4. Run  `./mach update-manifest` to update the WPT manifest with the new tests.

> You must also run `./mach update-manifest` whenever you modify a test, reference, or support file. All changes to our in-tree Web Platform Tests will be upstreamed automatically when your PR lands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must also run `./mach update-manifest` whenever you modify a test, reference, or support file. All changes to our in-tree Web Platform Tests will be upstreamed automatically when your PR is merged.
```

Author: :+1:
